Version 1.0.0 (#1)
Polymer/koa-node-resolve: README.md

# koa-npm-resolution

> This is a middleware for Koa servers that resolves NPM package specifiers in ES modules to relative paths for use on the web.  It is currently only intended for use as middleware in development servers to fascilitate build-free testing/iteration.

Reviewer: personal pedantic nit: I say "standard JS modules" because we don't say "ES Classes" and "ES const" etc

Author: Updated!

> This is a middleware for Koa servers that resolves NPM package specifiers in ES modules to relative paths for use on the web.  It is currently only intended for use as middleware in development servers to fascilitate build-free testing/iteration.

Reviewer: I'd put an example of an import and what it's rewritten to right after the first sentence

Author: Moved some stuff around and included Al's great suggestions into the doc.

> ## What?

Reviewer 2: How about laying out an example like this:

This import uses a *bare module specifier*, which won't currently load natively in browsers (until [import maps](https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5315286962012160) are available):

```js
import {foo} from 'stuff';
```

`koa-npm-resolution` solves this problem by resolving `stuff` using the same rules as [Node `require()`](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#modules_all_together), and transforming the import specifier to a path that can be loaded natively by any browser that [supports](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import#Browser_compatibility) ES modules:

```js
import {foo} from './node_modules/stuff/index.js'
```

Author: I completely love this and am stuffing it into the README as is.

So you want to write your front-end code using ES modules and you're using NPM packages and you don't want to run a build step to transform those various import statements from convenient forms like: `import stuff from 'stuff'` into `import stuff from './node_modules/stuff/index.js'` etc.  This middleware simply transforms them when serving up the response from your server.

That means you can use the middleware in a simple server that delivers static files as well as in a proxy server that might be piping files from a test server such as the one `karma` starts up.  (See [karma testing setup](#karma-testing-setup) below.)

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install --save koa-npm-resolution
```

## Usage

Create your own mini-development server.  This one depends on `koa` and `koa-static`, so you'll need to `npm install --save-dev koa koa-static` for your project to use it.

```js

> /* dev-server.js */

Reviewer: I'd put filenames just before the code block

Author: Done.

> const Koa = require('koa')

Reviewer: semicolons!

Author: I'd been using no semi-colons ala "Standard" for my handcrafted pure JavaScript lately and semi-colons for TypeScript since with clang-format and that habit leaked into my example code.  I'll remember not do that for stuff like this (though I *want* to.)

# koa-node-resolve

> This is a middleware for Koa servers that resolves Node package specifiers in standard JS modules to relative paths for use on the web.

Author: Un-nit'd

> This import uses a *bare module specifier*, which won't currently load natively in browsers (until [import maps](https://www.chromestatus.com/feature/5315286962012160) are available):

Author: s//'d

```js
import {foo} from 'stuff';
```

`koa-node-resolve` solves this problem by resolving `stuff` using the same rules as [Node `require()`](https://nodejs.org/api/modules.html#modules_all_together), and transforming the import specifier to a path that can be loaded natively by any browser that [supports](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import#Browser_compatibility) standard JS modules:

```js
import {foo} from './node_modules/stuff/index.js';
```

Because this is middleware, you can use it in a simple static file server as well as a proxy server sitting in front of a test server such as the one `karma` starts up.  (See [karma testing setup](#karma-testing-setup) below.)

> Note: HTML and JavaScript are parsed on every request for those content-types, it is intended for use in development context to fascilitate build-free testing/iteration as opposed to in a high volume production webserver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: HTML and JavaScript are parsed on every request for those content-types, it is intended for use in development context to facilitate build-free testing/iteration as opposed to in a high volume production web server.
```

```js
import { foo } from "./node_modules/stuff/index.js";
```

Because this is middleware, you can use it in a simple static file server as well as a proxy server sitting in front of a test server such as the one `karma` starts up. (See [karma testing setup](#karma-testing-setup) below.)

Note: HTML and JavaScript are parsed on every request for those content-types, it is intended for use in development context to facilitate build-free testing/iteration as opposed to in a high volume production web server.

## Installation

```sh
$ npm install --save koa-node-resolve
```

## Usage

Create your own mini-development server in file `./dev-server.js`. This one depends on `koa` and `koa-static`, so you'll need to `npm install --save-dev koa koa-static` for your project to use it.

```js
const Koa = require("koa");
const server = new Koa()

>   .use(require("koa-node-resolve").middleware())

Reviewer: update this

Author: Updated.  Made these named variables before they're used.

>   .use(require("koa-static")("."))

Reviewer: I feel like the inline requires obscure the example a bit.

Author: Pulled them out as named vars before use.

  .listen(3000);
```

```sh
$ node dev-server.js
```

Now you can serve up your web assets and Node package specifiers will be transformed on request.

## Karma Testing Setup

In a `karma` setup, your `karma.conf.js` file could create the Koa server before exporting the config. The Koa server uses the `koa-proxy` package (therefore `npm install --save-dev koa-proxy`) in between the browser and the Karma server, transforming all the Node package specifiers encountered in documents located under the `base/` URL namespace, which is a special Karma behavior for partitioning the package resources under test from Karma support resources.

```js
const Koa = require("koa");
const server = new Koa()

>   .use(require("koa-mount")("/base", require("koa-node-resolve").middleware()))

Reviewer: same note about inline requires here

Author: Done.
